let's say you want to ask Google to make
you a haircut appointment so what you're
going to hear is the Google assistant
actually calling a real salon the
scheduled appointment for you 12 p.m. we
do not have a quality available the
closest we have to that is a 1:15 do you
have anything between 10 a.m. and 12
p.m. depending on what service she would
like what service is she looking for
just a woman's haircut for now okay we
have a 10 o'clock 10:00 a.m. is fine
okay what's the first name the first
name is Lisa I'll say perfect so I will
see Li five ten o'clock on May 3rd
ok please thanks lis another day baby
that was a real call you just heard the
amazing thing is the assistant can
actually understand the nuances of
conversation we've been working on this
technology for many years it's called
Google duplex it brings together all our
investments over the years and natural
language understanding deep learning
text-to-speech